- [Instructor] So, now that some APIs
in TourRatingController requires
pre-authorization, guess what?
Those JUnit API tests are now failing.
So, we see that I've run all the tests
in TourRatingControllerTest
and delete updateWithPut,
createTourRating and createManyTourRatings
which are the endpoints that require pre-authorization
to have the CSR role are failing.
The problem is we need to make a restTemplate request
that also includes an HttpEntity object
where we can put in a JWT token.
Let's look at a specific test,
probably the easiest one in here
is delete because it doesn't have a payload
and it doesn't really have a response payload either.
So, in the delete method on restTemplate,
we don't have the ability to add a header,
so we need to add a header
with the restTemplate exchange method.
So, I'm going to change this to exchange.
And I'm using the same URL.
Then I have to have the verb,
the HttpMethod delete
and then I need a new HttpEntity object
and having a parameter of null in there for now.
And then the return is void.
So, the HttpEntity requires an HTTP header object.
For delete we need a header value authorization
with a value of bearer
plus the JWT token
for the customer service representative.
In the Test Web folder,
I created a helper class called JwtRequestHelper
and within the helper there is a method called withRole.
So, in this helper class,
we've injected the JwtProvider
which is our helper class
to generate and parse tokens.
So, calling the withRole method,
passing in a specific role name,
we instantiate an HTTP header's object,
instantiate a role object,
set the role name
and then invoke the createToken method on JwtProvider.
For this example, we really don't care about the username
but we do care about the role,
so we setting the list of roles,
in this case it's just one.
And then we add to the header
the authorization key followed by bearer
plus the token string
and then return that as an HTTP header,
so I'm gonna actually use this now.
Inside HttpEntity,
I'm going to call JwtRequestHelper.withRole
and then the string ROLE_CSR.
So, let's run this
and now our delete test passes,
so we're gonna actually walk through all of the methods
that require the pre-processing of the token.
So, another one that failed was CreateTourRating.
We're going to set a postForEntity,
we're going to say exchange
using the same URL,
the verb is POST.
And then I'm gonna have a new HttpEntity
with the ratingDto
followed by the JwtRequestHelper.withRole.
And then it returns a void class,
I'm gonna actually just copy this
because I'm gonna use it frequently.
The next one is createManyTourRatings.
We build the URL.
Now, update with PUT.
And update with PATCH.
So, now let's run them.
And they pass.
The UserControllerTest I've already updated
to use the JwtRequestHelper
and it also has a test if an invalid role is passed in.
So, if a unauthorized user tries to log in,
it finds that the token is invalid
and it will assert that we get a 403,
so you wanna test not just for the happy path
but for the unhappy path
and speaking of error handling,
there was one last feature I wanted to demonstrate.
Let's open ExceptionHandlerController
which is a new class I created in the web folder.
This is ExceptionHandlerController
and it is annotated with @RestControllerAdvice.
It is a common presentation layer error handler
and ExceptionHandlerController it knows
how to handle four types of exceptions,
AccessDeniedException, HttpServerErrorException,
InsufficientAuthenticationException
and then a catch for all general exceptions.
With that exception, the desired HTTP status
is sent back with the HTTP response.
By default, Spring provides an errorAttributes object
and we are injecting and using that dane here
and override what will be the contents
of the errorAttributes.
So, errorAttributes in this example
we're going to omit the exception attribute
as to not expose proprietary application information.
Not all errorAttributes include the exception key
but this is good practice.